feat(command): allow to restrict where command can be ran (#3976)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/configuration.rst

See :ref:`queue rules` for the complete list and description of options.

.. _command restrictions:

Command Restrictions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- The value type of the ``command_restrictions`` is dictionary.

- Each entry in ``command_restrictions`` must be an :ref:`Actions` name and a dictionary.

Each dictionary must have the following keys:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 1 1 2

   * - Key Name
     - Value Type
     - Value Description
   * - ``conditions``
     - list of :ref:`Conditions`
     - A list of :ref:`Conditions` string that must match against the pull
       request for the command to be allowed.

> For example, to limit backport command for pull request targeting the main branch:

Reviewer: This is unclear. To me, the `conditions` match on the source pull request. They cannot match on a destination pull request since it does not exist yet 🤔 
Reading the code, this is what it actually does IIRC, so I think this explanation is just unclear.

```suggestion
For example, to limit backport commands for pull requests coming from the main branch:
```
